Add MD054/link-style (#845)
DavidAnson/markdownlint: CONTRIBUTING.md

Interested in contributing? Great! Here are some suggestions to make it a good
experience:

> Start by [opening an issue], whether to identify a problem or outline a change.

Reviewer: I'm going to ignore edits like this per my previous comment in the issue. I don't think we should roll these changes into the new rule commit.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Start by [opening an issue](https://github.com/DavidAnson/markdownlint/issues),
```
